This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant! Your lyrics lack subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That makes me feel angry!

Is the Space Pope reptilian!? OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can. Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head. Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you.

Tell her you just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? Oh Leela! You're the only person I could turn to; you're the only person who ever loved me.

Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose.

Your best is an idiot! Alright, let's mafia things up a bit. Joey, burn down the ship. Clamps, burn down the crew. Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head. And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet.

Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory.
I don't want to be rescued.
Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg!
In your time, yes, but nowadays shut up! Besides, these are adult stemcells, harvested from perfectly healthy adults whom I killed for their stemcells.

Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient? Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you. Moving along… Guess again.

I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though!
Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages!
We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil! Ours is small and neutral!
Oh God, what have I done? I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense. You mean while I'm sleeping in it? You can see how I lived before I met you. OK, if everyone's finished being stupid.

Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. Oh sure! Blame the wizards! You mean while I'm sleeping in it? I am Singing Wind, Chief of the Martians. Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm now bored with sex. Is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence?

No! I want to live! There are still too many things I don't own! Ooh, name it after me! We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil! Ours is small and neutral! No! The kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires!

Shinier than yours, meatbag. I videotape every customer that comes in here, so that I may blackmail them later. And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you? Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.

Ooh, name it after me! It must be wonderful. Is that a cooking show? And when we woke up, we had these bodies. You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit!

Now what? That's not soon enough! Well, then good news! It's a suppository. Tell them I hate them. I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope?

I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again, you screwed up! Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas. Oh sure! Blame the wizards! A true inspiration for the children. Well, let's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it.

A true inspiration for the children. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers. Tell her she looks thin. Please, Don-Bot… look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! Why yes! Thanks for noticing.

Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. I barely knew Philip, but as a clergyman I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him. Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged.

They're like sex, except I'm having them! Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars. Oh God, what have I done? Fry, we have a crate to deliver. Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm now bored with sex. Is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence?

Say what? Who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere? Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute. You are the last hope of the universe.
